[WIP] Add compatibility statement (#449)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwb-schema: docs/format/source/compatibility.rst

API and Schema Compatibility
============================

There are separate, but related, notions of compatibility for the NWB schema (standard) and the official APIs.

Backward compatibility in the official APIs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Both the PyNWB and MatNWB APIs implement backward compatibility for **reading and validating** NWB 2.x files. Both
APIs can read and validate any NWB file compliant with NWB schema 2.0 and later.

- Note: MatNWB reads NWB files based on the cached schema within the file. If an older schema was used to
  create the file and the schema was not cached, then additional steps [#f1]_ need to be taken to read the file.

> - If PyNWB reads an NWB file with an older, cached version of the NWB schema and then modifies the file, the file
>   will be written with the newer version of the schema. As a precaution, after writing the file, the file should
>   be validated against the newer version of the schema to ensure compliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If PyNWB reads an NWB file with an older, cached version of the NWB schema and then modifies the file,
  changes to the file will be written with the newer version of the schema. As a precaution, when writing to
  a file with different version, the file should be validated against the newer version of the schema to ensure 
  compliance. As a best practice, it is recommended to avoid using different versions to write to the same file.
```

- If MatNWB reads an NWB file with an older, cached version of the NWB schema and then modifies the file, the file
  will still be compliant with the older, cached version. Updating the file to a newer version of the schema is
  not yet supported in MatNWB.

Most NWB users are concerned about backward compatibility in the APIs. A file written now with NWB schema 2.x
will be readable by all future versions of PyNWB and MatNWB.

Schema compatibility
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

An NWB file compliant with NWB schema ``x.y`` is generally compliant with later minor versions of the NWB
schema ``x.(y+1)``. Later minor ``x.(y+1)`` versions of the NWB schema may add new data types, add new
optional fields, and make required fields optional.

- For example, a new optional data type may be introduced in NWB 2.1 that is not present in NWB 2.0.
  Because the new data type is optional, the NWB 2.0 file is still compliant with the NWB 2.1 schema.

Later minor ``x.(y+1)`` and bugfix ``x.y.(z+1)`` versions of the NWB schema will avoid adding new required
fields. Changes that break this rule will generally not be implemented until the next major ``(x+1).0``

> version of NWB. Rare exceptions to this rule are noted in the NWB schema version release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version of NWB. Rare exceptions to this rule are noted in the NWB schema version release notes
and the NWB reference APIs will implement appropriate measures to ensure that ``x.y`` files are still
compatible with the APIs.
```
